hello everybody so I'm here today with
my sep tember TBR which is a little bit
over-ambitious because i'm trying to
make up for the fact that i only read
like five books last month but yeah what
else is new I love being over-ambitious
so let's get into it and the first book
that I'm definitely gonna be reading in
September for sure I'm gonna start
reading it as soon as i'm done filming
at this video and that is George by Alex
G know which I just thought haven't even
shown in a hall yet but I cannot wait to
read this book this is a middle-grade
book about a girl named George and that
may sound a little odd to you and that's
because George is transgender she is a
girl trapped in a boy's body and I'm
just so happy just knowing that this
book exists for a middle-grade like this
is for kids and it makes me so happy
that it exists in the world now so
people can start learning about
different sorts of people and not just
be completely closed minded to else is
out there and so I'm just happy I'm so
happy in this book is tiny and the
writing is huge because like I said it
is meant for kids so I'm gonna be
probably finished this right away which
will lead me into some of these other
books like none of the above by IW
gregorio s is a book that i meant to
read last month but I got caught up
reading the Goldfinch so it didn't
happen and this is about a girl who
finds out that she was actually born
intersex and so then she kind of you
know has to learn about what that means
and come to terms with it and I've only
read one other book about an intersex
teenager and that was golden boy and it
was fantastic I've heard very mixed
things about this book but I'm still
very excited to get into it then I plan
to read one of my absolute favorite
books and that is wonder by RJ play co
it's been over two years since I read
this and I've been meaning to reread it
ever since because it was so good such a
quick read I read this in one or two
sittings and I plan to do that again
when I read it this time and what is
inspiring me to reread this finally at
last because this book just came out
Augean me which is three wonder stories
from three different characters that you
don't get in this book because if you
didn't know this but kind of shifts
perspectives between a bunch of
different people who are kind of
surrounding the main character and so
this just gives us three more stories
which is very exciting so I plan to read
both of these very soon because I need
more Auggie in my life up mix is another
book that I meant to read last month and
that is you by Carolyn kept nice because
I've been wanting to get into a kind of
creepy psychological thriller and my mom
actually read this recently and said it
was really good so I'm going off of her
recommendation right now and I'm really
pumped to get into this one finally
hopefully next up I've got a couple of
fiction books actually that I want to
read the first one being this book is
gay by James Dawson and if you couldn't
tell by the title on the fact that this
is nonfiction this is basically just a
book about homosexuality and
transsexuality and all this kind of
stuff and I'm really really excited to
get it get into this one the cover is
just beautiful and fabulous I flipped
through this a little bit since i got it
and it seems really funny and so I'm
excited to read this one I just need a
pick-me-up i'm planning to finally read
as you wish by cary elwes I've been
meaning to read this ever since it came
out october and I just still haven't so
I'm hoping to read this before it's been
out for an entire year so I want to read
it in September and it is another one
that's pretty short as I said before and
I will continue to say I absolutely love
the princess bride the book and the
movie and so I want to get some
behind-the-scenes information so i
definitely am going to be picking this
up soon and speaking of quick reads next
up I've got a few ellen hopkins books
actually that i'm planning on reading i
plan to reread impulse which i read a
couple of years ago probably but
recently i picked up perfect violent
hopkins which is kind of like a
companion to impulse and even though I
technically don't need to reread this
since it's not a direct sequel I've been
wanting to review this one for a while
anyway and I want to get into perfect so
I love you both of these but i also want
to pick up identical also by ellen
hopkins because i've been made to read
this one for many many years now and for
some reason I just never have I don't
know much about this besides the fact
that it's about two twins which I really
enjoy reading about twins I'm excited to
read this one this month her books are
always such quick reads because they are
told in verse there's practically no
words on each page so i can usually read
these within a few hours so i plan on
reading all of these when i'm feeling
kind of slumpy and this next one I'm not
sure if I'll get around to this month
but it is trouble as a friend of mine by
Stephanie Trombley this book has been
kind of described as leg Veronica Mars
mixed with the breakfast club which
sounds incredible both things that I
enjoy basically it's quirky teenagers
trying to solve a mystery I don't know
what the mystery is I want to go into
this not knowing too much I've heard
that this book is quirky and fun and
funny so that sounds like a good time
obviously I have like a million other
books to read so I might not happen but
it's in the plant next up I'm hoping to
read volume 3 of attack on Titan I've
taken a whole month off of reading
attack on titan so I'm ready to get back
into it and I also hope to read the
wicked and the divine vol 1 the first
act because I've had this on my shelf
for many many months now and for some
reason I have
read it and last but certainly not least
I've got a couple of classics that I
hope to read this month the first one
being slaughterhouse five by kurt
vonnegut i read half of this book one
time about three or four years ago and
then just completely forgot about it
like I just wasn't really in the mood
for it so I put it down but I read that
half in like an hour it was really
really quick so I'm definitely excited
to get back into this one I'm going to
start from the beginning because I don't
remember much about it I'm also gonna be
using this for my 2015 reading challenge
I haven't talked too much about it
lately but this is a banned book so i
will be using it for that category
because i haven't read the banned books
yet this year which is kind of sad i
also plan to pick up the Pearl by John
Steinbeck because it's been a while
since I've read John Steinbeck I've only
read of mice and men and that was back
in high school so that was a few years
ago and I haven't read anything else yet
that's what is tiny so this is obviously
the one that I pick to read first this
is less than a hundred pages long so I'm
hoping to pick it up it'll probably
happen but we will see I've been wanting
to read more classics lately and so I
feel like these two are going to ease me
back into it those are all the books
that I plan on reading in September I
will honestly be so impressed if I can
read all of them that is it for this
video today you guys and I will see you
very soon with another one by plan to
pick up the Pearl by Stu show haha
speaking of quick little cute